Update the creating category rules page (#1278)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/category-product-rules.md

> 1. Click <span class="btn">Add Condition</span> and do the following:

Reviewer: If you convert bullet items to steps at same level, you have to remove this part

```suggestion
1. Click <span class="btn">Add Condition</span>.
```

    - Set **Logic** to `AND`.

>       |`AND`|The rule applies to products, where all the conditions coincide.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      |`AND`|The rule applies to products, where all the conditions are met.|
```

>       |`OR`|The rule applies to products, where at least one condition coincides.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      |`OR`|The rule applies to products, where at least one condition is met.|
```
